Update index.md (#1742)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2020-09/index.md

## Release Highlights

* Azure Form Recognizer GA release supporting v2.0 GA version of the Form Recognizer service.

> * Azure EventGrid first preview (v2.0.0b1) is released.

Author: ```suggestion
* Azure Event Grid v2 preview SDK (v2.0.0b1) is released with support for CloudEvent
```
